data/ClassCoverageInfo.java
 data.ClassCoverageInfo
processor/MutationCoverageProcessor.java
 processor.MutationCoverageProcessor
config/PluginConfig.java
 config.PluginConfig
config/TestSmellMetricThresholds.java
 config.TestSmellMetricThresholds
 config.TestSmellMetricThresholds$TestSmells
data/TestSmellsMetrics.java
 data.TestSmellsMetrics
config/TestSmellMetricsThresholdsList.java
 config.TestSmellMetricsThresholdsList
gui/AnalysisResultsUI.java
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$1
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$10
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$11
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$12
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$13
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$2
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$3
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$4
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$5
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$6
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$7
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$8
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$9
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$ClassListListener
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$ClassListListener$1
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$ClassListListener$2
 gui.AnalysisResultsUI$ClassListListener$3
init/PluginInit.java
 init.PluginInit
utils/CommandOutput.java
 utils.CommandOutput
data/TestProjectAnalysis.java
 data.TestProjectAnalysis
processor/CoverageProcessor.java
 processor.CoverageProcessor
gui/MetricsChart.java
 gui.MetricsChart
data/TestClassAnalysis.java
 data.TestClassAnalysis
data/ClassMutationCoverageInfo.java
 data.ClassMutationCoverageInfo
storage/ConfigFileManager.java
 storage.ConfigFileManager
processor/FlakyTestsProcessor.java
 processor.FlakyTestsProcessor
data/ClassTestSmellsInfo.java
 data.ClassTestSmellsInfo
utils/VectorFind.java
 utils.VectorFind
gui/MyLine.java
 gui.MyLine
storage/ReportManager.java
 storage.ReportManager
processor/SmellynessProcessor.java
 processor.SmellynessProcessor
data/ClassCKInfo.java
 data.ClassCKInfo
gui/PluginInitGUI.java
 gui.PluginInitGUI
 gui.PluginInitGUI$1
 gui.PluginInitGUI$2
 gui.PluginInitGUI$3
 gui.PluginInitGUI$4
 gui.PluginInitGUI$4$1
 gui.PluginInitGUI$4$1$1
storage/AnalysisHistoryManager.java
 storage.AnalysisHistoryManager
 storage.AnalysisHistoryManager$1
 storage.AnalysisHistoryManager$2
data/FlakyTestsInfo.java
 data.FlakyTestsInfo
gui/ConfigUI.java
 gui.ConfigUI
 gui.ConfigUI$1
 gui.ConfigUI$2
 gui.ConfigUI$3
